hello I'm Archie luxury and welcome to
the program and today I'd like
to show you my Cartier service pouch and
this was actually a pouch that was
provided when I I had a piece service by
Cartier and I've long since gotten rid
of that Cartier but one thing I uh I've
done is I've kept this pouch and I've
used it to to keep a watch safe and what
I mean by that is if you've got a
paddock or something really high in like
this you really can't leave it at home
if it's in your custody ie not in the
bank safe and what I usually like to do
is I like to put it into a pouch and the
pouch basically protects it and make
sure it doesn't get squashed you know
just just it just keeps it all nice and
safe and I can then put this pouch into
my briefcase and I can you know are it's
just just a way of looking after your
really high-end watches and just just
the way the world is now you can't leave
valuables at home so I never ever leave
a Patek at home and this is the sort of
pouch i just wanted to show you my pouch
and to tell me what you think there the
interesting thing is there are a few
other commercial pouches around there i
I've seen a few and I think it's really
got some legs there because let's face
it you can't leave valuable
unattended at home so the best thing to
do is to put it you know to carry it
with you you can keep it in your
briefcase you can keep an eye on it and
more importantly if the desire so
happens you can very easily you could
very easily change watches you can take
your watch you're wearing off and put
stunner on you may be having a bitch of
a day you may be about to get sacked you
may be a bit about to you know lose your
job it's just very nice that you can
have some comfort from your luxury
timepiece and i absolutely love pouches
and i think they're great value i marchi
luxury tell me what you think of
my pouch we are specialized in the
repair of rolex and patek philippe
watches will be doing the same team for
more than 25 years we have a Rolex
technician certified by rolex who
actually used to work for the company
for many years like if we do in the work
at the factory we completely
disassembled the watch and we put it to
work like brand-new condition when you
get the pre-owned watch is like if you
get in a brand new unit the only
difference is the money